Added a reference to provider configuration in Test Integrated Modules (#814)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/registry/test.mdx

1. Provide a **Key** and **Value** for your environment variable, and if you want to protect the variable's value, click the **Sensitive** checkbox. `TF_VAR_x` variables of a string type that are not defined in a config must be wrapped in double-quotes.
1. Click **Add variable** to save it.

> ## Provider configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure providers
```

> You can define test-specific provider configurations that HCP Terraform will use for testing. For guidance on how to implement a test-specific provider configuration, please refer to the [Terraform Test documentation](/terraform/language/tests#providers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define test-specific provider configurations for HCP Terraform to use while testing. For guidance on implementing test-specific provider configuration, refer to [Terraform test](/terraform/language/tests#providers).
```
